# From-Nand-to-Tetris-Part-1: Course Solutions

This repository contains my solutions to all of the assessments of the Nand2Tetris - Part 1 course. The Nand2Tetris course is a self-paced online course that teaches you how to build a computer from the ground up, starting with basic logic gates and working up to a complete computer system.

## Course Overview

The course is divided into 12 weeks, with each week covering a specific aspect of computer architecture and software development. Part 1 covers first 6 weeks and Part 2 rest of them. The course also provides a suite of software tools that you'll use to design and test your own computer systems.

## Repo Structure

This repository is structured as follows:

- [`tools/`](/tools/): This folder contains all of the tools provided by the course software suite. These tools were downloaded from [official website](https://www.nand2tetris.org/software) on 10 March 2023. If you need to update the tools, please download them from same [link](https://www.nand2tetris.org/software).

- [`projects/`](/projects/): This folder contains all of my solutions to the course assessments. Each week has a separate folder, with the folder name corresponding to the week number. To view the assessment solutions for a specific week, navigate to the corresponding folder.

    - [`week00/`](/projects/week00/)
    - [`week01/`](/projects/week01/)
    - [`week02/`](/projects/week02/)
    - [`week03/`](/projects/week03/)
    - [`week04/`](/projects/week04/)
    - [`week05/`](/projects/week05/)
    - `week06/` (currently unavailable)

    Note: I have created a separate README file for each week that provides more information about the assessment questions and my solutions. Please refer to those files for more details.

- [`Personal/`](/Personal/): This folder contains some of the files and images that I found useful while completing the assessments. These files were already mentioned in the course and are not intended for cheating purposes.

Note: Week 6 is currently unavailable, as I have not yet completed the assessment.

## License

See the [`LICENSE`](/LICENSE) file for more details.

## Credits

This Readme file was generated by ChatGPT, a large language model trained by OpenAI, based on the GPT-3.5 architecture.
